Add meta description to landing page (#965)
elastic/docs-content: index.md

---
navigation_title: Elastic documentation
layout: landing-page

> description: Official Elastic documentation home. Learn how to use Elastic on-prem, in the cloud, or with Serverless. Find guides for Elastic solutions and products, how-to resources, troubleshooting, and release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Official Elastic documentation home. Learn how to use our managed services on Elastic Cloud Hosted, Serverless, or deploy Elastic on-prem. Find guides for Elastic solutions and products, how-to resources, troubleshooting, and release notes.
```
